Okay, you play like that, right?
He then placed the entire Dragon God Group on a bet.
I'll play with you.
I paid two hundred million.
3 billion 4 billion 5 billion
One billion.
It's been crazy for two days.
Because of a jewel lion that even in the house took out.
It seems that this jewel lion must have something mysterious.
But this price has been marked.
It's not something we can participate in anymore.
It doesn't matter who gets the lion.
You have to protect the buyer well.
Be careful if someone sees the money halfway to steal the treasure.
That's seven billion.
81 10 billion 20 billion
50 billion
Hey.
pass
I don't want to haha
More, why don't you add more?
Want to play with me.
Just because you dare to beat me, if your nephew wants to, I can t be loved by others, right?
Congratulations, grandfather.
50 billion
There's another pile of shit.